Create `@inngest/otel` package (#1573)
inngest/inngest-js: packages/otel/docs/support.md

# @inngest/otel behavior and support

This document defines the supported public behavior for `@inngest/otel`.
User-facing setup examples live in the package [README](../README.md).

## Supported usage

The supported public entrypoint is `@inngest/otel/node`.

The package doesn't expose a root `@inngest/otel` export.

## Runtime behavior

When `@inngest/otel/node` is preloaded, it:

- registers the OpenTelemetry ESM instrumentation hook
- registers supported Node auto-instrumentations

> - registers Anthropic instrumentation

Reviewer: Given that we call out Anthropic, and that our user case is AI, I think we should call out that OpenAI is also instrumented - just inside of Node auto-instrumentations.

I definitely didn't realize this until I looked closely at extended traces.

Author: ✅

- ensures there's a process-global OpenTelemetry tracer provider
- installs an async hooks context manager when this package creates the provider
- doesn't install Inngest span processors or exporters
- no-ops when loaded more than once in the same process

If an OpenTelemetry tracer provider already exists, this package leaves it in
place. If no provider exists, this package creates a basic provider.

The main `inngest` package is responsible for adding Inngest span processors.

> User-managed OpenTelemetry setups can add their own processors and exporters.

Reviewer: I think in this version, users can't add their own processors. Seems good for early versions, but maybe also worth calling this out in these docs to make sure we don't forget and mislead users later.

Author: ✅

> Instrumentation should be loaded before application imports. Libraries imported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instrumentation should be loaded before importing this package. Libraries imported
```

I think this makes it a little more explicit what they need to import before

Author: This saying that instrumentation should be done before the application imports anything

before the preload runs may not be instrumented.

This package isn't the only supported way to use Inngest with OpenTelemetry.
Apps can configure OpenTelemetry themselves when they need direct control over
providers, exporters, sampling, resources, or instrumentation lists.

## Supported environments

This package currently supports:

- Node.js 20 and newer
- ESM preload through `node --import`
- ESM and CommonJS application entrypoints after the preload

## Not supported

This package doesn't currently support:

- `node --require @inngest/otel/node`
- `require("@inngest/otel/node")`
- `import "@inngest/otel"`
- browser, edge, worker, or non-Node runtimes

> - configuration of exporters, sampling, resources, or instrumentation lists

Reviewer: maybe processors in here too for now

Author: ✅
